The Right Problem
By Gregory Cohen

All action must be based on heuristics of the proper solution to the Right Problem at hand. Knowing the Right Problem is more important that any solutions.

The Right Problem is probably not what the individual is being told – family, race, gender, economic circumstances, lack of education or experience or being in the right place at the right time – these are all not the Right Problem.

The Right Problem is categorical and isn't based on the individual.

It depends on philosophical circumstances.

We are talking about human action, human techne, in order to resolve problems.

A sub-problem is likely to be a lack of power in operation, in techne.

Therefore, people strive after connection, money, influence, high status, in order to resolve a given problem, or problems collectively.

The Right Problem likely relates to survival and knowing as much as possible.

But in order to not alienate the reader, I need not wax philosophical about the topmost “right problem.”

In human techne, in operation, there are also "Right Sub Problems".

A “Right Sub Problem” might be

Postulate 1 — We exist and we think
Postulate 2 — Our existence and thought is observed to be imperilled – by us
Sub Goal 1 — Survival and persistence and existing – to the highest level
Sub Problem 1 — Now we have the problem of how to bring this about
Postulate 2 — We can operate, but our operation is limited (by whatever factors)
Postulate 3 — We have made machines.
Sub Goal 2 — We should increase our level of potential operation to its highest level, resulting in the highest level of general Ability.
Sub Problem 2 — Now, we need to figure out how to execute this.
Postulate 4 — Machines can increase our level of operation, our level of techne.
Postulate 5 — Machines have limits themselves
Postulate 6 — We should maximize machines to increase our level of operation, within ethical limits perhaps, aligning with our main real goals and subgoals (which are not necessarily all stated here)
Postulate 7 — Machines are limited by as fast as they can move.
Sub Goal 3 — Therefore, we need to figure out how to maximize machines to their highest potential
Sub Problem 3 — Our problem, then, is to remove from existence all things that get in the way of having machines operate well, which, in turn, aligns with our goals of being able to operate, which in turn aligns with our goal of surviving well.

Now, this Sub Problem 3 of Existence is interesting.
